---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: 
---

**The Diversity Education Program is sponsoring free diversity dialogue group leader training** for staff who are interested in exploring and developing their group facilitation and leadership skills. Training will include diversity dialogue group process, group facilitation and assessment of personal leadership skills, conflict resolution/facilitation skills, and monthly leader training and support meetings. The application deadline for the training program is September 15, and training will start October 1\. Diversity Dialogue Groups will be formed by November 2. For more information or to apply for the Diversity Dialogue Leader Training Program, contact Gwendolyn Morgan, Diversity Education Program Coordinator.

**Need a hotel or motel recommendation for an out-of-town guest?** The Community Rentals Office encourages you to consider one of the 18 hotels and motels that have joined UCSC's Housing Partnership Program and offered to house students during fall and winter quarters. A list of the hotels and motels may be accessed at www.ucsc.edu/housing/partprog.html. For more information, call (831) 459-4435.

**Drop-in yoga stretch classes** will continue Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays from noon to 1 p.m. through September 29. Classes are held in the Martial Arts Room at the East Field House. The cost for staff and faculty is $4/class; a 10-card class is $28. Students pay $2.50/class or $23 for a 10-class card. Members of the community may attend for $5/class or with a 10-class card at $39. For more information, call (831) 459-2531.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/09-07/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note: 09-07-98")
