---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Growing potatoes is easy and fun--learn how on July 25.** Mashed, baked, boiled, or fried, everyone loves a good potato. And nothing beats a homegrown spud. Come learn the secrets of growing potatoes at a free public talk on Saturday, July 25, from 10 a.m. to noon. Orin Martin, manager of the Alan Chadwick Garden at UCSC, will share his tips on selecting, sowing, cultivating, and harvesting potatoes. Martin will focus on the wide variety of potatoes that are proven winners in the Central Coast region. Meet Martin in the Chadwick Garden. Free parking is available in the Stevenson College parking lot across the street from the garden. For more information, call (408) 459-3248.

Trade the jewelry collecting dust in your closet for items from someone else's collection at the **Second Great Multicultural Earring, Ring, and Bracelet Exchange** on Tuesday, July 14, from 12:10 to 12:50 p.m. in the Health Center Conference Room. The event is sponsored by the Diversity Education Program; for more information, call (408) 459-5087 or e-mail gwenny@cats.ucsc.edu.

**Lawrence Hall of Science is offering free admission this summer to UC staff. **University of California staff can visit Berkeley's Lawrence Hall of Science FREE through August 30th, in honor of the Hall's 30th anniversary. Show your staff ID for tons of fun, including a robotic exhibit, "Whales: Giants of the Deep." For information about exhibits and general information about the museum, visit the [Lawrence Hall of Science][2] Web site or call (510) 642-5132.

**UCSC staff, faculty, and students who participated in the 1998 California AIDS ride wiil talk about their experiences** as riders or crew members on Thursday, July 30, from 12:10 to 12:50 p.m. in the Health Center Conference Room. All are welcome. For more information, contact Gwendolyn Morgan at (408) 459-5087 or via e-mail at gwenny@cats.ucsc.edu.

[2]: http://www.lhs.berkeley.edu/

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/07-13/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note: 07-13-98")
