---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Workers Compensation Training for Supervisors** will be held on October 20. For additional reference visit the Staff Training and Development Web site.

**Staff Training and Development is offering several additional workshops of interest to the campus community.**
* Conflict Management Tools & Skills, Thursday, November 5, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.; $90.
* Basics of Writing: Grammar & Punctuation, Thursday, November 12, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.; $188.
* Supervisory Development, a five-part series, Tuesdays, November 10, 17, and 24, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., and December 1 and 8, from 9 a.m. to noon; $345.

For full workshop descriptions, see the Staff Training and Development Web site. Basic computing skills courses are also available online. For more information or to enroll, contact Margaret Fahl.

**Santa Cruz City Council candidates have been invited to a series of "Meet the Candidates" forums on campus,** sponsored by the Diversity Education Program. The forums are being held on Fridays through October from 12:10 to 12:50 p.m. and are open to staff, students, and faculty. The forums take place in the Cowell Student Health Center Conference Room. The lineup for the remaining Fridays is as follows: October 23: Christopher Krohn and Keith Sugar; and October 30: Jane Walton. For more information, contact the Diversity Education Program.

**The Friends of Long Marine Lab present "Exploration in the Sea: The Year of the Oceans and Beyond"**\--an evening of lectures and discussion Wednesday, October 21, at the Louden Nelson Center 7 to 9 p.m. Call (831) 459-4568 for information or tickets. Speakers include:

* Gary Griggs, Director, Institute of Marine Sciences, UCSC (Nat. Sci. 1997-98 outstanding faculty award recipient). His topic is "El Nino: What Did We Learn?" UCSC marine scientists played important roles in understanding the significance and impacts of this phenomenon.
* William J. Douros, Superintendent, Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary will discuss "Obstacles and Opportunities Facing the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary." What direction the sanctuary will travel and how it might get there.
* Marcia McNutt, Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute (MBARI). "Exploring Water Space: Mankind's Greatest Challenge." MBARI's goal is to build the next generation of tools for exploring and monitoring the ocean environment. She will present the difficulties that must be overcome to explore and experiment in the oceans.
* Churchill Grimes, Director, National Marine Fisheries Service Santa Cruz Laboratory. "Applications of Undersea Technology to Fishery Habitat Research." Research plans for the new Santa Cruz laboratory.

Tickets are $5 members and $6 public, available in advance from the Friends of LML membership office, call (831) 459-4568, or from the FLML Book and Gift Shop during public visiting hours, Tues.-Sun. 1-4 p.m.

**Environmental studies professor Marc Mangel** will give a presentation titled "A Blunder by Charles Darwin, the Abuse of Thomas Kuhn, the World is Round, and the Need for Ecological Detection in Environmental Problems" on Monday, October 19, at 2 p.m. in Room 221, Natural Science 2\. For more information, contact the Environmental Studies Department at (831) 459-2634.

**Economics professor Nirvikar Singh** will give a talk on "Dilemmas of Economic Development" on Monday, October 19, from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 131, Cowell College. For more information, call (831) 459-2833.

**"Choreographing the Cultural: Contemporary Expressions of Philippine Festival Dance"** is the title of a presentation by Sally Ness, professor of anthropology at UC Riverside, on Monday, October 19, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in Room 261, Social Sciences I. For more information, call the Anthropology Department at (831) 459-2380.

**George Yudice, professor of American studies, Spanish, and Portuguese at NYU,** will give a talk on "The Globalization of Whose Area Studies?" on Friday, October 23, from 5:20 to 7:30 p.m. in the Baobab Lounge, Merrill College. Yudice's areas of research are transnational politics and culture; globalization; civil society; social movements; Latin American intellectual and literary culture; the avant-garde in a global context; and the comparative study of race and ethnicity. He is the author of "We Are Not the World: Identity and Representation in an Age of Global Restructuring" (forthcoming); _Literatura y Valor: A partir de la Postmodernidad; On Edge: The Crisis of Contemporary Latin American Culture_ (1992). A reception will follow the presentation in Casa Latina, also in Merrill College.

**"A City and its Selves: Moral Consciousness in the Kathmandu Valley of Nepal"** is the title of a presentation by Steven Parish, assistant professor of anthropology at UC San Diego, on Monday, October 26, from 3:30-5 p.m. in Room 261, Social Sciences I. For more information call the Anthropology Department at (831) 459-2380.

**Computer science professor Charles McDowell** will speak on the topic "Challenges to Embedded Java" on Wednesday, October 21, from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. at SCO, in the Forum Room, 399 Encinal Street, Santa Cruz. McDowell has extensive experience with embedded Java, and in this presentation he will share the practical side of implementation and the theoretical side of his Java experience. The talk is sponsored by Santa Cruz Technology Alliance, a nonprofit organization dedicated to technology professionals. Admission is $5 for members, $15 for nonmembers. Appetizers and beer and sodas will be served. An RSVP is appreciated for planning; reply to Sandi Pensinger.

**Volunteers Needed!** UCSC Athletics is seeking adults interested in volunteering to work at home basketball and volleyball events. This is a great opportunity for community members to learn more about UCSC athletics and be a part of exciting sports action.

Volunteers are needed to assist with:   
* Ticket taking at games   
* Concessions stand sales supervisors   
* Public address announcer (experienced only)   
* General event supervision

UCSC will provide:   
* A great t-shirt and/or polo shirt   
* A meal at every event   
* The best seat in the house for UCSC athletics

For more information or to volunteer, contact Mark Majeski, athletic director.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/10-19/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note: 10-19-98")
