---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Provost Opening: **Merrill College has an opening for provost beginning with the 1999-2000 academic year. Candidates must be tenured members of the UCSC faculty, have a record of sustained excellence in scholarship and teaching, and proven leadership qualities. Administrative knowledge or experience is preferred. The provost is the academic leader of the college and provides the effective leadership conducive to the creation of a stimulating educational environment for the faculty, students, and staff in the college. The final filing date for applications is November 30, 1998. For a complete job description and more information on how to apply, please contact Academic Human Resources at (831) 459-4300.

**Drivers Wanted** for UCSC vanpools serving commuters from San Jose/Los Gatos, Watsonville, and the west side of Santa Cruz. In exchange for driving, primary drivers ride for free and have other benefits. Vanpoolers save over $2,000/year in vehicle and permit costs by leaving their cars at home. For more information, contact Candice Ward at TAPS.

**Students interested in careers in mathematics, natural sciences, or engineering** are invited to apply to the Barry M. Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Program. Scholarships will be awarded in April to students who will be college juniors or seniors during the 1999-2000 academic year. The scholarship award covers eligible expenses up to a maximum of $7,500 per year. For more information, contact the Natural Sciences Dean's Office at (831) 459-5455.

**The last in a series of campus forums to "Meet the Candidates" for Santa Cruz City Council,** sponsored by the Diversity Education Program, will be held on Friday, October 30, from 12:10 to 12:50 p.m. in the Cowell Student Health Center Conference Room. Jane Walton will be the featured candidate. The forum is open to all staff, students, and faculty. For more information, contact the Diversity Education Program.

**"Atomic Audit: The Costs and Consequences of U.S. Nuclear Weapons Since 1940"** is the topic of a talk by Cowell alum Steven Schwartz of the Brookings Institution on Monday, October 26, from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 131, Cowell College. For more information, call (831) 459-2833.

**"A City and its Selves: Moral Consciousness in the Kathmandu Valley of Nepal"** is the title of a presentation by Steven Parish, assistant professor of anthropology at UC San Diego, on Monday, October 26, from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in Room 261, Social Sciences I. For more information call the Anthropology Department at (831) 459-2380.

**Noriko Aso, visiting professor of history,** will give a talk titled "The 'New Japan' on Display: Nationalism, Internationalism, and Commerce in Postwar Art Exhibits" on Wednesday, October 28, from 12:15 to 1 p.m. in the Cowell College Conference Room. For more information, call (831) 459-4899.

**Environmental studies professor Ravi Rajan** will give a talk on "Dilemmas of Development in South Asia: Dilemmas of Environment" on Monday, November 2, from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 131, Cowell College. For more information, call (831) 459-2833.

**"Courting the Diaspora: The Mexican State and Transmigrant Organizations"** is the title of a presentation by sociology professor Luin Goldring of York University on Monday, November 2, from 12:30 to 2 p.m. in the Red Room 201, College Eight. For more information, call (831) 459-2833.

**Exequiel Escurra, director of research at the San Diego Natural History Museum,** will speak on "Managing Biodiversity: A Case Study Using Columnar Cacti in Mexico" on Monday, November 2, at 2 p.m. in Room 221, Natural Science 2. For more information, call the Environmental Studies Department at (831) 459-2634.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/10-26/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note: 10-26-98")
