---
layout: post
title: Proposition 1A&#58; The Class-Size Reduction, Kindergarten-University Public Education Facilities Bond Act of 1998
author: UCSC Currents
---

California voters will weigh in on a $9.2 billion, kindergarten-university school-bond measure on November 3. Proposition 1A will provide funds for modernization of outdated infrastructure, for renovation of aging classroom and laboratory buildings, to help pay for capital improvements for earthquake and life safety, and for new construction to accommodate enrollment growth. The proposition would provide $6.7 billion to K-12 schools over a four-year period and $2.5 billion to the state's three segments of public higher education--the University of California, California State University, and California Community Colleges.

* * *

**For K-12 Schools In Santa Cruz County:**
* **Scotts Valley Unified:** Modernization and new construction totaling $35 million.
* **Pajaro Valley Unified: **Modernization and new construction totaling $39 million.
* **San Lorenzo Valley Unified:** Modernization projects at three sites totaling approximately $400,000.
* **Santa Cruz City School District: **Eligible for $9.7 million in funding for modernization projects.
* **Soquel Union Elementary: **May be eligible for funding for modernization and class-size reduction needs.
* **Live Oak School District:** Modernization and construction totaling $500,000.

**For K­12 In Monterey County:**
The following districts currently participate in the State Building Program and expect to benefit from Prop. 1A: 
* Alisal Union
* Carmel Unified
* Gonzales Unified
* King City Joint Union High School
* King City Union Elementary
* North Monterey County Unified
* Pacific Grove Unified
* Pacific Unified
* Salinas City Elementary
* Salinas Union High School
* San Lucas Elementary
* Santa Rita Union
* Soledad Unified
* Spreckels Union
* Washington Union. 

Contact the Monterey County Office of Education for more information at (831) 755-0300.

**For Local Community Colleges:**
* **Cabrillo College:** Construction of a horticulture building totaling $1.8 million.
* **Monterey Peninsula College: **Construction of a library building totaling $20 million.

**For UC Santa Cruz:**
A total of $71 million will be spent over the next four years for improvements and construction. Some projects are:
* **Construction of an Interdisciplinary Sciences Building** for the teaching, research, and office needs of the Environmental Studies, Astronomy and Astrophysics, and Physics Departments, with related benefits for social sciences and other departments. Estimated project costs are $16 million.
* **Construction of a new Physical Sciences Building** to provide facilities for the Chemistry and Biochemistry Department, Environmental Toxicology Program, and programs for the new Jack Baskin School of Engineering. Estimated project costs are $46 million.
* **The second phase of improvements** to the UCSC-managed Lick Observatory facility on Mt. Hamilton. The observatory is a multicampus research unit that provides the primary instruction and research for six UC campuses. Estimated project costs are $3 million.

**For Local State Universities:**
* **San Jose State University:** Joint library building with the city of San Jose totaling $90 million.
* **California State University, Monterey Bay:** Will accelerate the development of the new campus. Funds will be used to extend the campus's science and technology capabilities and help pay for construction of an arts center.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/10-19/bond.htm "Permalink to Proposition 1A fact sheet: 10-19-98")
