---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Merrill College has an opening for provost **beginning with the 1999-2000 academic year. Candidates must be tenured members of the UCSC faculty, have a record of sustained excellence in scholarship and teaching, and proven leadership qualities. Administrative knowledge or experience is preferred. The provost is the academic leader of the college and provides the effective leadership conducive to the creation of a stimulating educational environment of the faculty, students and staff in the college. The final filing date for applications has been extended to January 11, 1999. For a complete job description and more information on how to apply, contact Academic Human Resources at (831) 459-4300.

**Norrie's Gift Shop at the Arboretum will hold a special open house** for faculty and staff on Monday, December 7, from 4 to 7 p.m. A 10 percent discount will be offered on all items during this three-hour event. Norrie's has expanded its children's section with Smithsonian science kits; _Linnea in Monet's Garden_ books, dolls, and gardening clothes; toy snakes and bugs; Christmas bunnies; and more puppets than ever. Gift items for adults include vases from the Museum of Modern Art, ikebana vases, Christmas decorations, and dried-flower wreaths. For more information, call (831) 458-0194.

**"Partition of South Asia"** is the title of a talk by Professor Suvir Kaul of the English Literature Department at Stanford on Monday, December 7, from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 131, Cowell College. For more information, call (831) 459-2833.

**"Globalization, Social Movements and the New Internationalisms: The Professional, the Political and the Personal"** is the topic of a presentation by Professor Peter Waterman of the Institute of Social Studies, The Hague, on Tuesday, December 8, at 7:30 p.m. in the College Eight Red Room 201. For more information, call (831) 459-2833.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/12-07/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note; 12-07-98")
