---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**UCSC staff, faculty, and students who participated in the 1998 California AIDS ride **wiil talk about their experiences as riders or crew members on Thursday, July 30, from 12:10 to 12:50 p.m. in the Health Center Conference Room. All are welcome. For more information, contact Gwendolyn Morgan at (831) 459-5087.

**Join the Friends of Long Marine Lab! **With a Friends membership you receive free admission, discounted purchases at the Gift and Book Shop, invitations to special events, priority enrollment opportunities for members' activities, including Ocean Explorers summer camp, and the opportunity to be among the first to rent the new Marine Discovery Center for your own special event. Public visiting hours are Tuesday through Sunday, 1-4 p.m.

**"Sea Snails, Slugs, and Squid: Slimy or Splendid?"**\--an upcoming Friends activity--will take place on August 22 from 10:30 a.m. to noon for children 6-10 years old (parents welcome); $6/members, $10/public. For information, call (831) 459-4568.

**McHenry and Science Libraries are offering free drop-in workshops** on the many online and Internet-based resources available to researchers. Open to faculty, students, and staff. All workshops are offered more than once, so choose the workshop that fits your schedule.

McHenry Library Online Workshops:
* Introduction to CruzCat and the Melvyl System   
August 11, McHenry 167, 10-11:30 a.m.
* Advanced Melvyl System Techniques   
August 13, McHenry 167, 10-11:30 a.m.
* Introduction to Netscape   
August 18, McHenry 167, 10-11:30 a.m.
* Using the WWW for Research   
August 20, McHenry 167, 10-11:30 a.m.

Science Library Online Workshops:
* Introduction to CruzCat (UCSC Catalog)   
August 5, Science 215, 9-10 a.m.   
August 18, Science 215, 10-11 a.m.
* Introduction to the MELVYL System   
August 4, Science 215, 2-3:30 p.m.   
August 12, Science 215, 3-4:30 p.m.   
August 18, Science 215, 1-2:30 p.m.
* Advanced Melvyl System Techniques   
August 13, Science 215, 2-3:30 p.m.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/07-27/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note: 07-27-98")
