---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

![\[Picture of cover of book by Shelly Errington\]][2] Shelly Errington Will Read From Her New Book At Capitola Book Cafe November 17

**Anthropology professor Shelly Errington will be reading from her new book** _The Death of Authentic Primitive Art and Other Tales of Progress_ at the Capitola Book Cafe on Tuesday, November 17, at 7:30 p.m. In her lucid and humorous study, Errington takes on the meaning and future of primitive art. She charts the transformations of primitive art this century using examples from museums to mail-order catalogs and explores how the idea of the primitive can be used in the interests of promoting nationalism and economic development.

**David Haussler, professor of computer science, will give a talk** on future directions in biomolecular engineering research at the UCSC Extension Santa Clara facility on Friday, November 13, from 6 to 8 p.m. The talk is part of the Emerging Technologies Research Lectures Series. For more information, contact Terri Spice.

**Planning to host a conference or meeting during the summer of 1999?** Call the Conference Office and see how they can help. The conference season opens on June 20 and runs through August 28. The office is a one-stop shop for coordinating housing, dining, meeting rooms, audiovisual, parking, etc., for meetings utilizing UCSC facilities during the summer. Conference office staff can even handle the registration for your meeting if needed. Space is going quickly for next summer so call now to make reservations. Staff may be able to assist you with planning meetings or conferences during the academic year as well. For information and an application, call Jane Cheremeteff at (831) 459-4429.

**Professor Tariq Rauf of the Monterey Institute will give a talk** on "Nuclear Issues in South Asia" on Monday, November 9, from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 131, Cowell College.  The talk is part of the Stevenson Global Security Colloquium; for more information, call (831) 459-2833.

**"Forest Problems or Problematic Foresters? Towards an Anthropology of Science-Policy Processes in West Africa"** is the title of a presentation by Professors Melissa Leach and James Fairhead on Monday, November 9, from 3:30 to 5:00 p.m. in the Anthropology Library, Room 328, Social Sciences I. For more information, call: (831) 459-2833. 

**Counseling and Psychological Services has three new pre-doctoral psychology interns** for the current academic year. They are Gayle Pitman, a clinical psychology doctoral student from California School of Professional Psychology; Barbara Siple, a clinical psychology doctoral student from the Fielding Institute; and Shelly Tomishima, a counseling psychology doctoral student from the University of Utah.

The interns work as full-time staff in CPS and provide individual, group, and crisis services to UCSC students; develop and implement educational and training workshops for students and staff; and provide consultation to residential housing and the wider campus community. The CPS Pre-Doctoral Internship Program is a fully accredited training program for psychology graduate students who are advanced to candidacy and are required to have a yearlong internship in order to complete their doctoral degree.

[2]: http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/art/errington_book.jpg

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/11-09/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note: 11-09-98")
