---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Summertime drop-in yoga and stretch classes** are now offered four days each week--from Monday through Thursday--through September 3. The classes take place from noon to 1 p.m. in the Martial Arts Room at the East Field House. The cost for staff and faculty is $4/class; a 10-card class is $28. Students pay $2.50/class or $23 for a 10-class card. Members of the community may attend for $5/class or with a 10-class card at $39. For more information, call (831) 459-2531.

**Training and Development has spaces available** in four Basic Computing Skills workshops scheduled for August and September. To enroll in a workshop, please contact Julia Delbridge at (831) 459-5565. The workshops are open to UCSC faculty and staff.

For more details on the workshops, visit the Training and Development Web site or call 459-5565.

**Currently available workshops:**

Introduction to Access 97
Monday and Wednesday, August 10 and 12  
8:30 a.m.-noon   
Prerequisites: None, enrollment required.  
Enrollment Fee: $75  

Intermediate Microsoft Excel 5.0
Tuesday and Thursday, August 11 and 13  
8:30 a.m.-noon   
Prerequisites: Introduction to Excel 5.0   
Enrollment Fee: $75   

Intermediate Microsoft Word
Wednesday and Thursday, September 9 and 10  
8:30 a.m.-noon   
Prerequisites: Introduction to Microsoft Word 6.0   
Enrollment Fee: $75   

Advanced FileMaker Pro 3 or 4
Wednesday and Thursday, September 23 and 24   
8:30-noon   
Prerequisites: Intermediate FileMaker Pro   
Enrollment Fee: $75   

**HIV/AIDS pilot study research funds are available from the UC San Francisco AIDS Clinical Research Center (ACRC),** a component of the UCSF AIDS Research Institute. The deadline for the next funding cycle is October 1, 1998, and the last application deadline for the 1998-99 fiscal year has been tentatively set for March 1, 1999. Faculty applicants can submit studies in basic science, epidemiology, behavioral science, as well as clinical trials. Predoctoral students involved in AIDS research with faculty mentors are also eligible to apply. For further information and applications, contact Mr. Layne Ethington by phone at (415) 476-8857 or by e-mail at stom%layne@ccmail.ucsf.edu.

UC San Francisco AIDS Clinical Research Center is also seeking faculty members who would like to be included in a database of peer reviewers for the Pilot Study Program. Peer reviewers confidentially fill out a one-page form briefly addressing six categories about the merits of a proposed pilot research project (generally 10-15 pages in length) that is within their field of expertise. Each proposal is reviewed by several reviewers and is finally ranked for funding by the Dean's AIDS Advisory Committee to the ACRC. To receive a survey form that identifies your field(s) of expertise or for further information about the Pilot Study Program, contact Ethington as indicated above.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/08-10/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note: 08-10-98")
