---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Faculty and staff are invited to attend the second luncheon of the Interim University Club** on Thursday, November 19, from noon to 2 p.m. at University House. The buffet-style lunches include salads, sandwiches, desserts, and beverages, and the cost is $10 per person. Reservations are required by 5 p.m. on Tuesday, November 17. After November 19, luncheons are scheduled for January 14, February 4 and 25, April 8 and 29, and May 20; all the lunches will be held at University House on Thursdays. When making your reservation, please specify when you will arrive for lunch.

**Sociologist Ben Crow** will give a talk titled "Famine and Vulnerability in Rural South Asia" on Monday, November 16, from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 131, Cowell College.

**About-Face, a San Francisco-based group that combats negative and distorted images of women,** will be at the Kresge Town Hall on Tuesday, November 17, at 6:30 p.m. The group describes itself as rebellious, clever, and frank. "We are tired of being inundated with images of women depicted as junkies, stick figures, mannequins, bimbos and sluts," they say on their Web site. "We are committed to creating an about-face in stagnant attitudes about women in our culture, to encourage young girls to feel good about themselves and their bodies, to remember that the female form, in all its sizes, adds to our strength, not our weakness." Learn more about About-Face by visiting their Web site at [www.about-face.org][3].

**Manu Goswami from the Politics Department** will give a presentation on "Globalization and Hindu Nationalism" on Monday, November 23, from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 131, Cowell College.

**Faculty and students are invited to a workshop on grant writing** and proposal writing on Friday, November 20th, in the Charles E. Merrill Lounge. The faculty portion of the workshop will be from 1:15 to 2:15 p.m.; students will meet from 2:15 to 3:15 p.m. Bettina Halvorsen from the Institute for Global Conflict and Cooperation at UC San Diego will be the presenter. For more information, call the Center for Global, International, and Regional Studies (CGIRS) at (831) 459-2833.

**"Who Is Speaking? Brazilian Indians and the Symbolic Politics of Language in the International Public Sphere"** is the title of a presentation by anthropology professor Laura Graham of the University of Iowa on Monday, November 23, from 3 to 5 p.m. in Room 261, Social Sciences 1\. For more information, call the Anthropology Department at (831) 459-2380.

**Cal Lodge is offering ski discounts** and lodging packages to groups and individuals. For reservations and information, call (800) 426-3392.

**This year's UC Management and Leadership Conference** will be hosted by UC Santa Cruz and held June 6-8 at the Fairmont Hotel in downtown San Jose. The event is geared to UC managers at all levels.

[3]: http://www.about-face.org

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/11-16/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note: 11-16-98")
