---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Santa Cruz City Council candidates have been invited to a series of "Meet the Candidates" forums on campus,** sponsored by the Diversity Education Program. The forums are being held on Fridays through October from 12:10 to 12:50 p.m. and are open to staff, students, and faculty. Except where otherwise noted, the forums take place in the Cowell Student Health Center Conference Room. The lineup is as follows: October 9: Tim Fitzmaurice (Silverman Conference Room at Stevenson College); October 16: Linda Steinau and Rod Quartararo; October 23: Christopher Krohn and Keith Sugar; and October 30: Jane Walton. For more information, contact the Diversity Education Program.

**120 graduate and professional school representatives will be visiting the UCSC campus** on Monday, October 12, to talk to students at the annual Graduate School Fair. Sponsored by the Career Center, the event will be held at the West Field House near College Eight from 10 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. There will also be workshops on applying to graduate, business, law, and medical schools. Admission is free. 

**Come learn everything you ever wanted to know about the Americans with Disabilities Act **at a training for supervisors on Wednesday, October 7, from 9 a.m. to noon. Topics will include discrimination in employment; reasonable accommodations; special selection process; medical separation; interviewing, selecting, and reference checking; informal vs. formal accommodations; and identifying essential functions of the job description. To enroll, call (831) 459-5565.

**A workshop on "Ergonomics in the Workplace,"** presented by Environmental Health and Safety staff, will be given on two separate dates: Tuesday, October 13, from 10 to 11 a.m., and Thursday, December 17, from 11 to 12 p.m. The workshop is designed to help staff understand how to set up computer workstations in an ergonomically correct way, to identify body movements and positions which may lead to repetitive motion injuries, and to recognize early symptoms of repetitive motion injuries. Ergonomic injuries are quickly becoming the major cause of workers' compensation claims; all supervisors should make sure that employees working four or more hours at a computer terminal receive this training. It is intended for all staff and faculty at no cost. For more information or to enroll, contact Bob Bailey.

**Free online research workshops** are being offered this quarter at the University Library. The workshops offer an introduction to some of the many print, online, and Internet-based resources available to researchers. Open to students, staff and faculty on a drop-in basis. For more information on McHenry Library workshops, contact Deborah Murphy For Science Library workshops, contact Wayne Mullin.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/10-05/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note: October 5, 1998")
