---
layout: post
title: Send Your Kids To Summer Camp At The UCSC Farm
author: Jennifer McNulty
---

A unique summer camp at UCSC will give youngsters ages 7 to 11 an opportunity to explore the UCSC Farm, local wilderness areas, and Natural Bridges State Beach.

Two four-day sessions are being offered this summer by the Center for Agroecology and Sustainable Food Systems at the UCSC Farm. The sessions mark the revival of a popular program that began in 1983. Dubbed "Wildlands and Watering Cans," the UCSC Farm & Garden summer camp ran until 1986\.

This year, the fun returns with activities geared toward giving children hands-on experience in organic farming and gardening, increasing environmental awareness, and encouraging cooperation and fun in the outdoors. Activities will include gardening, hiking, making homemade root beer and ice cream, beach walks, crafts, insect and plant identification projects, and more.

"We want children to make connections between wildland and garden ecosystems, and we want them to have a lot of fun at the Farm," said John Fisher, the new outreach coordinator at UCSC's Center for Agroecology and Sustainable Food Systems, who was instrumental in reviving the summer camp. "We'll focus on learning the importance of interacting sustainably with the world around us."

Instructors Deleh Pasewalk and John Welch each have experience teaching young children, and both are knowledgeable about gardening and local natural history.

The first session is July 27-30; the second session is August 3-6. Each session will run from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. and cost $140. Some $70 scholarships will be available. The registration deadline is July 22; scholarship applicants must register by July 15.

The camp is being sponsored by the Friends of the UCSC Farm & Garden. To register, or for more information, call John Fisher at (831) 459-3248.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/07-13/camp.htm "Permalink to Send your kids to summer camp at the UCSC Farm: 07-13-98")
