---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Find unique gifts and support the UCSC Women at Work Retreat at the annual Craft Fair on December 2 and 3.** The fair will be held from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. at the Bay Tree Bookstore parking lot on December 2nd and from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. in the lobby of Applied Sciences on December 3rd. Proceeds will benefit the UC Santa Cruz Women at Work Retreat Scholarship Fund. The fair will feature handmade and miscellaneous items from the UCSC community such as jewelry, ceramics, pictures, holiday ornaments, cards, etc. Donations of craft items are still needed. Call Connie Croker at (831) 459-2713 for more information about the fair or about making a donation. . . . And planning is under way for the 13th annual Women at Work Retreat in May. If you would like to help with this year's retreat, call Connie Croker at (831) 459-2713.

**Planning to host a conference or meeting during the summer of 1999? **Call the Conference Office and see how they can help. The conference season opens on June 20 and runs through August 28. The office is a one-stop shop for coordinating housing, dining, meeting rooms, audiovisual, parking, etc., for meetings utilizing UCSC facilities during the summer. Conference Office staff can even handle the registration for the meeting if needed. Space is going quickly for next summer so call now to make reservations. Staff may be able to assist you with planning meetings or conferences during the academic year as well. For information and an application, call Jane Cheremeteff.

**"Race and Ethnicity: A Reinvention of the White Race?"** will be discussed by Theodore William Allen, an independent scholar and the author of _The Invention of the White Race,_ on Monday, November 2, at 4 p.m. in the Oakes Mural Room. For more information, contact the Center for Cultural Studies.

**Environmental studies professor Ravi Rajan** will give a talk on "Dilemmas of Environment" on Monday, November 2, from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 131, Cowell College. For more information, call (831) 459-2833.

**"Civilizational Thinking and Ancient Greece"** will be the subject of a talk by Stanford classics and history professor Ian Morris on Thursday, November 5, at 4 p.m. in the Oakes Mural Room. This talk inaugurates a yearlong series of lectures that accompanies the new faculty seminar on "Civilizational Thinking" funded by the Ford Foundation. For more information, contact the Center for Cultural Studies.

**"Courting the Diaspora: The Mexican State and Transmigrant Organizations"** is the title of a presentation by sociology professor Luin Goldring of York University on Monday, November 2, from 12:30 to 2 p.m. in the Red Room 201, College Eight. For more information, call (831) 459-2833.

**Exequiel Escurra, director of research at the San Diego Natural History Museum,** will speak on "Managing Biodiversity: A Case Study Using Columnar Cacti in Mexico" on Monday, November 2, at 2 p.m. in Room 221, Natural Sciences 2. For more information, call the Environmental Studies Department at (831) 459-2634.

**"Topographies of Resistance: Revisiting the Geographies of the (Post) Apartheid City"** is the title of a talk by Steven Robins from the Anthropology and Sociology Departments at the University of the Western Cape, South Africa, on Tuesday, November 3, at 4 p.m. in Room 159, Kresge College. For more information, call the Center for Global, International, and Regional Studies (831) 459-2833.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/11-02/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note: 11-02-99")
