---
layout: post
title: UCSC Breaks Ground In Core East Project
author: Francine Tyler
---

![\[Photo of John Simpson, Francisco Hernandez, Bob McCampbell, and Kathleen Flint\]][1] Breaking ground for the new Bay Tree Bookstore and Graduate Commons project are (left to right) Executive Vice Chancellor John Simpson, Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs Francisco J. Hernandez, bookstore director Bob McCampbell, and Kathleen Flint, cochair of the Graduate Student Association's Graduate Commons Committee.Photo: Don Harris

![\[Photo of crowd at bookstore groundbreaking\]][2] Approximately 50 people, including 30 members of the Bay Tree Bookstore staff, attended the groundbreaking. Photo: Victor Schiffrin

![\[Photo of crowd at bookstore groundbreaking\]][3] At a reception following the ceremony, participants enjoyed apple cider and portions of chocolate cake. The cake was decorated with outlines of the new bookstore and graduate commons buildings, and yellow frosting spelled out the sentiment "It's finally begun!" Pictured at the refreshment table are McCampbell and Flint. Photo: Victor Schiffrin

Campus officials symbolically broke ground in the Bay Tree Bookstore parking lot in early August, marking the official start of construction on the new bookstore and Graduate Commons project. More recently, work crews took further steps forward, installing a chain-link fence around the area and a construction trailer.

Over the next two weeks, construction crews will strip asphalt off the parking lot, excavate and remove dirt from the site, remove lights, and carry out other demolition work to ready the site for building.

When the $13.5 million project is finished in spring 2000, the area will feature a modern bookstore, a new graduate student center, an attractive pedestrian plaza, and many other amenities. UCSC will boast a vibrant new crossroads in an area that is dubbed "Core East" in the campus's LRDP (Long-Range Development Plan) Implementation Program.

"I'm looking forward to it," said Cindy Shook, a bookstore employee who attended the groundbreaking on August 11. "Having a new building will make some challenges for us, but I'm excited about it and looking forward to helping make it all work."

The Bay Tree Bookstore opened 30 minutes later than usual on August 11 to allow bookstore employees to celebrate the long-awaited start of construction. A note on the bookstore door voiced a common sentiment among those involved: "We appreciate your understanding! This project has been planned and awaited for a **very** long time!"

"It's going to be amazing to see it all begin," said Kathleen Flint, cochair of the Graduate Student Association's Graduate Commons Committee. "We're really pleased with the contractor and have been very pleased with the architect, and it's worked out like a dream."

[1]: http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/art/bookstore.group.98-08-24.jpg
[2]: http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/art/bookstore.crowd.98-08-24.jpg
[3]: http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/art/bookstore.cake.98-08-24.jpg

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/08-24/bookstore.htm "Permalink to Bookstore and Graduate Commons construction: 08-24-98")
