---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Deck the Halls! Chancellor Greenwood has invited faculty and staff to a holiday party** at University House on Wednesday, December 16, from 4 to 6 p.m. The event will include festive refreshment and seasonal song.

**The Fire Department is collecting new unwrapped toys for local needy children.** Toys can be dropped off between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, at the campus Fire Station on Chinquapin Road, across from the Crown/Merrill Apartments, or at the campus Police Station in the H Barn until December 22. For information or for toy pickup, contact Tim Santos at tjsantos@cats.ucsc.edu or (831) 459-2350.

**The Bay Tree Bookstore's Annual Holiday Sale** continues until the campus closes on December 23. All stock in the General Book Department will be 20 percent off. Special-order books and course books are excluded from the sale. Orders can be taken by phone or fax and delivered via campus mail. For more information or to place an order, call (831) 459-4544 or fax (831) 459-2490.

**Gift collection for migrant children will not be handled by the Women in Management Network** this year. Those who would still like to buy a gift for a child living in a migrant camp may call Gladys Anderson, a social worker for Santa Cruz County Child Protective Services and the director of the migrant children's Christmas Project, at (831) 454-4369. As in past years, the project is greatly in need of donations of used children's bikes; should you wish to donate a bike, contact Gladys.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/12-14/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note; 12-14-98")
