---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Candelight vigil and information panel to commemorate World AIDS Day, December 1. **UCSC's HIV Prevention Program has scheduled a candelight vigil for the campus community on Tuesday, December 1, at noon in front of McHenry Library. The vigil provides an opportunity to remember people who have died as well as to celebrate the lives of those who are living with AIDS. Participants may bring anything they would like to share, such as a poem or personal story. The information panel, titled "Women and AIDS," takes place Thursday, December 3, from 7 to 9 p.m. in the Merrill College Baobab Room. The panel consists of three HIV-positive women who will share about their experiences with HIV. For more information, call (831) 459-4679.

**Craft Fair to support Women at Work Retreat December 2-3.** The fair will be held from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. at the Student Center on December 2 (Note: Moved from the Bay Tree Bookstore Parking Lot); and on December 3rd from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. in the lobby of Applied Sciences. Proceeds will benefit the UC Santa Cruz Women at Work Retreat scholarship fund. The fair will feature jewelry, ceramics, pictures, holiday ornaments, cards, etc. Donations of craft items are still needed. Call Connie Croker at (831) 459-2713 for more information about the fair or about making a donation.

**Santa Cruz Hillel and the colleges are holding a Hanukkah party** for the campus and the community on Thursday, December 3, from 8 to 10 p.m. at the Porter Dining Hall. The event will feature live music by Hoo-tza-tza, dancing, food, games, and crafts. Children are welcome. For more information, call Karalee Richter at (831) 459-3820.

**Norrie's Gift Shop at the Arboretum will have its holiday open house** for the public on Saturday and Sunday, December 5 and 6, from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. each day. There will also be a special open house for faculty and staff on Monday, December 7, from 3 to 7 p.m.; a 10 percent discount will be offered to faculty and staff on all items during this four-hour event. Norrie's has expanded its children's section with Smithsonian science kits; _Linnea in Monet's Garden_ books, dolls, and gardening clothes; toy snakes and bugs; Christmas bunnies; and more puppets than ever. Gift items for adults include vases from the Museum of Modern Art, ikebana vases, Christmas decorations, and dried-flower wreaths. For more information, call (831) 458-0194.

**The Fire Department will be collecting new unwrapped toys** for local needy children during the holiday season. Toys can be dropped off between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, at the campus Fire Station on Chinquapin Road, across from the Crown/Merrill Apartments, or at the campus Police Station in the H Barn until December 22. For information or for toy pickup, contact Tim Santos at tjsantos@cats.ucsc.edu or (831) 459-2350.

**It's not too late to enjoy a photo essay about UCSC's Center for Agroecology and Sustainable Food Systems** that is on display in the lobby of Social Sciences 1. Jon Kersey, manager of the Social Sciences Media Lab, photographed students last spring in the ethnobotany class taught by environmental studies professor Stephen Gliessman, Alfred E. Heller Professor of Agroecology, as well as students working with entomologist Sean Swezey's research group and some of the apprentices working on the UCSC Farm and the Alan Chadwick Garden. The photos and accompanying text will be up through the beginning of winter quarter.

**A new edition of _A Guide to Editorial Style at the University of California, Santa Cruz-_**-produced by the Office of the Academic Editors and the Publications Office is posted on the Web at the following address: www.ucsc.edu/news/pio.home/style_guide.html. The editorial style guide is useful to all campus units preparing printed or online communications. It establishes a consistent editorial style for the campus and answers some frequently asked questions about general editorial usage and style. A list of further reference sources is appended.

**A scoping meeting for the Physical Sciences Building project** will be held on December 10 from 6 to 8 p.m. at the UCSC Student Center (East Conference Room). At this meeting, public agencies and members of the public are invited to provide oral comments on the range of actions, effects, and alternatives to be addressed in the Draft Environmental Impact Report that is being prepared for the project. The proposed project is the construction of an approximately five-story (approximately 78,500-assignable-square-foot) Physical Sciences building on the site of an existing parking lot just southeast of the intersection of McLaughlin Drive and Steinhart Way in the central UCSC campus. The building would accommodate programs in Chemistry, Environmental Toxicology, and Engineering. Call Ann Bertken at (831) 459-4760 for additional information or to request accommodation for persons with disabilities.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/11-23/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note, 11-23-98")
