---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**A public hearing on the Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) for the Core West Parking Structure** project will be held on Thursday, March 11, from 6 to 8 p.m. in Classroom Unit 1. Parking will be available at the East Field House and Hahn Student Services.

The parking structure is planned for a site in the Science Hill area immediately adjacent to an existing parking lot, southeast of the intersection of Heller and McLaughlin Drives. The structure would be approximately 178,000 square feet, have six levels, and provide about 500 parking spaces, primarily for faculty, staff, and graduate students.

Written comments may also be submitted during the public review period, which is expected to close on April 5. Written comments should be submitted to Christine Aldecoa, Environmental Assessment Group, Physical Planning and Construction, Barn G.

Copies of the DEIR are available at the Archives Desk at McHenry Library; copies may also be purchased at the UCSC Environmental Assessment Group Office for the cost of duplication. For more information about the hearing or to request a copy of the DEIR, call (831) 459-4407 or (831) 459-4760. To request disability-related accommodation, call (831) 459-4760.

**Join the multicultural book group** for a discussion of Toni Morrison's _Jazz_ on Monday, March 8, from 12:10 to 1 p.m. in Room 143, Communications Building.

**It's time to submit Thumbs Up Award nominations.** The Thumbs Up Awards are a small form of recognition that can be given to an individual staff member, a team, or a faculty member in an administrative role for providing special service to the campus community. Every nominee is a winner. For more information or to submit a nomination, go to the Thumbs Up Web site. Nominations are due by 5 p.m. on Friday, March 19.

**History of consciousness professor Donna Haraway** will give a talk titled "Tradition, Ecological Knowledge, and Ecosystem Ecology: Interfacing Knowledge in Clayoquot Sound, British Columbia" on Monday, March 8, from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 152, Stevenson College. For more information, call (831) 459-3275.

**Palden Gyatso, a Buddhist monk and Tibet's longest held political prisoner,** will speak on his 33-year incarceration in a Chinese prison and his message for Tibet's independence on Friday, March 12, from 7:30 to 9 p.m. at the Kresge Town Hall. The talk is sponsored by Students For A Free Tibet. For more information, call (831) 502-7293.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/03-08/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note; 03-08-99")
