---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

![\[Photo of staff from Outdoor Equipment Rental office\]][2] Recreation staff try out some of the wilderness and recreation gear rented by OPERS Outdoor Equipment Rental Center. Photo: Barbara McKenna

#### Gear up for summer

The Outdoor Equipment Rental Center at the Office of Physical Education, Recreation, and Sports (OPERS) can help you gear up for any trip or outdoor adventure this summer. The center is open to all students, staff, and faculty and rents camping and mountaineering gear, water sports equipment, and bicycle gear at extremely reasonable prices (for example, a surfboard rents for $6 per day and $12 for the weekend; a 2-3 person tent can be rented for $8 per weekend and $16 per week). Located upstairs in the East Field House, the rental shop is open Tuesdays and Thursdays from noon to 5:30 p.m. through August 12. For more information, call (831) 459-2800.

#### Summer food

The **Whole Earth Restaurant** is open for the summer Monday-Friday from 7:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. As always, the Whole Earth offers a fine selection of natural foods. Call ahead and have your order ready when you arrive. Call (831) 426-8255.

**Cowell Coffee Shop** is open Monday-Friday from 7:45 a.m. to 1:15 p.m. The coffee shop offers ice cream, muffins, bagels, salads, and hot and iced chai and espresso drinks. Box lunches and catering are also available. Call (831) 459-2710.

#### GSA officers for 1999-2000 announced

Beginning July 1, 1999, the GSA officers for 1999-2000 will be:   
**President:** Kami Chisolm, history of consciousness, kamikaze@cats.ucsc.edu;  
**Internal VP:** Aradhna Tripati, earth science, ripple@es.ucsc.edu;  
**External VP:** Lee Ritscher, literature, ritscher@cats.ucsc.edu;  
**Secretary:** Dan Lawson, mathematics, dlawson@cats.ucsc.edu;  
**Treasurer:** Dylan Herrick, linguistics, herrick@ling.ucsc.edu;  
GSA officers can be reached collectively by e-mail at gsa@cats.ucsc.edu.

#### "Thumbs Up" awards posted on Web

This year 920 staff members received either team or individual "Thumbs Up" awards.

#### Cooper engine keeps campus running

Physical Plant would like the campus community to know that the Cooper engine, which runs the cogeneration facility here on campus, surpassed 100,000 hours in February of this year. The significance of this is that the engine has operated continuously at 100 percent for over thirteen years. It was up and providing power to the campus during the widespread city power outages when the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake hit. The engine is operated by university heating plant personnel; Cooper Energy Services provides all the maintenance.

[2]: http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/art/opers.99-01-11.200.jpg

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/06-21/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note, 06-21-99")
