---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Host families are needed** for students attending English Language International programs at UC Extension. The spring session runs from March 29 to June 4, and short and long programs take place during the summer--June 21 through September 15. Host families receive a stipend for room and board. Call (831) 427-6638 for more information.

**Governor Gray Davis announced on March 11 the appointment of three new members to the UC Board of Regents.** They are Judith L. Hopkinson of Newport Beach, chief operating officer of Ameriquest Capital Corporation; Sherry L. Lansing of Los Angeles, chair and CEO of Paramount Pictures; and John J. Moores of Rancho Santa Fe, chairman of the San Diego Padres baseball club and JMI Services.

**Community TV (Channel 72) will air a recent campus forum on affirmative action** on three evenings this month.

Wednesday, March 24, from 6 to 8 p.m.
* Opening remarks: Judy Yung, associate professor of American studies
* Background history: David Anthony, associate professor of history and provost of Oakes College
* "Nuts and Bolts of Affirmative Action": presentation by Michael Thompson, associate vice chancellor for enrollment management; and Valerie Simmons, director of Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action

Tuesday, March 30
* 5:30 to 7:30 p.m.--Repeat of March 24 program
* 7:30 to 9:30 p.m.--"Deconstructing Arguments Against Affirmative Action": presentation by Mike Rotkin, lecturer in community studies; Dana Takagi, associate professor of sociology; Faye Crosby, professor psychology; and Craig Haney, professor of psychology

Wednesday, March 31, 6 to 8 p.m.
* "Organizing for Affirmative Action": presentation by Bettina Aptheker, professor of women's studies and history; Jessica Delgado, a UCSC and Boalt School of Law graduate who organized the effort to qualify an anti-Proposition 209 initiative for the ballot; Shirley Flores-Munoz, a UCSC alumna who teaches women's studies at Cabrillo College; and Aida Hurtado, professor of psychology
* Closing remarks: Bettina Aptheker

**Training & Development is offering spring workshops,** described below. For more information or to register, contact Julie Habara via e-mail at workshop@cats.ucsc.edu.
* "Building Relationships at Work: Up, Down, and Across the Organization"   
Learn ways to increase communication clarity and build mutual understanding among peers and supervisors.  
For staff who do NOT supervise others.   
Presented by Conflict Resolution Center staff.   
Tuesday, April 6, from 1 to 5 p.m.   
Health Center Conference Room   
$50
* "Advanced Business Writing"   
Follow-up course for those who have taken Effective Business Writing.  
Participants will write original documents, as well as edit finished texts for clarity and style.  
Presented by Alexander Communications  
Tuesday, April 13, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.  
Health Center Conference Room  
$188
* "Simplify Your Life"   
Explore specific steps to take to simplify your life in such areas as: finances, space, time, and work. Come discuss how to find abundance without things, and how to want what you have!   
Presented by Farol Henderson  
Wednesday, April 21, 9 a.m. to noon  
Merrill Baobab Lounge  
$50
* "Supervisory Development"  
A five-part series for campus supervisors and HR reps  
Enhance your communication and team-building skills, which are essential to effective supervision in the university setting.  
Week 1: Orientation, Week 2: Communication Skills, Week 3: Conflict Resolution: Managing Differences, Week 4: Team Building, Week 5: EEO/AA and Diversity  
Presented by Marsha Palitz-Elliott, Kathie Kenyon  
April 22 and 29, May 6, 13, 18  
9 a.m. to 4 p.m. weeks 1-4; 9 a.m. to noon week 5  
Merrill Baobab Lounge and Room 201, College 8  
$345 (must attend all five sessions)

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/03-22/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note; 03-22-99")
