---
layout: post
title: Take Note 
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Do you have a talent, or hobby, or interest you like to talk about?** Do you enjoy working with kids? The Family Student Housing School Age Program is looking for people to volunteer to do short presentations during weekdays this summer. How about music? Candle making? Astronomy? Bird watching? Drama? The sky is the limit here. The children are smart and fairly good listeners. Hands-on activities to accompany the presentations are especially appreciated. For more information or to schedule a talk, call (831) 459-4085 or e-mail gbloebaum@housing.ucsc.edu.

**Rejoice with those who have survived cancer, and remember those who have not.** The American Cancer Society's 1999 Relay-for-Life--cosponsored by the campus's Community Development and Health unit--will take place June 25-26 at Soquel High School, 401 Old San Jose Road in Soquel. Special events include a luminaria celebration (remember a loved one or one who is currently battling cancer), wall of memories (all participants sign in on the official trackside banner), and the survivor's lap. There will be an entertainment stage, hospitality tent, kid's corral, and food vendors. The relay begins at 6 p.m. on the 25th and ends at noon on 26th. If there are commuters on your team, no problem! As long as one team member is present, you can be checked in.

There are a number of ways to participate:
* Register a team
* Volunteer to help with the event
* Joint a team that needs members (we will hook you up)
* Purchase a luminary ($5)
* Make a donation

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/05-31/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note, 05-31-99")
