---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Shape up for spring. **The Recreation Office is offering inexpensive drop-in fitness classes for staff and faculty spring quarter. Classes are held from noon to 1 p.m. "Stretch and Strengthen" classes are Tuesdays and Thursdays in the Activity Room at the East Field House. "Yoga Stretch" classes are held Fridays in the Martial Arts Room at the East Field House. Classes cost $4/class for staff and faculty (or a 10-class card for $28); $2.50/class for registered students (or a 10-class card for $23); and $5/class for others (or a 10-class card for $39). Register at the door.

**Crown College is seeking a UCSC faculty member to serve as Faculty-in-Residence** at the college starting next fall. Faculty-in-Residence assist with academic support services and programming in Crown residential houses and apartments for a two-year term. Examples of events the faculty member might sponsor include cultural cooking or dance lessons, academic workshops, and lectures. In compensation, the faculty member is provided a two-bedroom apartment at Crown College for $340/month, plus an 80-meal block plan. The deadline for applications is April 15. For more information, contact Allen Bushnell.

**The Bay Tree Bookstore Web site is hot.** The site is listed as 39 on a list of 100 hot booksellers by Web21, an online service that ranks Web sites by traffic.

**"Agricultural Modernization and Ethnic Conflict in India"** is the topic of a talk by Dr. Harnik Deol on Friday, April 2, at 2 p.m. in Room 261, Social Sciences 1. Dr. Deol, who holds a doctorate of sociology from London School of Economics, is currently the commonwealth business project manager with Worldaware, a nonprofit organization that has been working since 1966 in the United Kingdom promoting, by education, information, and other means, an understanding of world development issues, the interdependence between developing and industrialized countries, and the need for cooperation among nations to ensure sustainable development. For further information, contact CGIRS at global@cats.ucsc.edu or (831) 459-2833.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/03-29/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note; 3-29-99")
