---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Daniel Guevera of the Philosophy Department** will give a talk on "The Radical and the Retrograde in Environmental Philosophy" on Monday, January 11, from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 152, Stevenson College. His presentation is part of the Stevenson Global Security Winter 1999 Colloquium series, titled "Thinking Green." The colloquium is open to the public, and students may register for one unit of credit. (The colloquium is linked to Politics 114, _Thinking Green: Politics, Ethics, Political Economy,_ Mondays and Wednesdays, 5 to 6:45, 110 Social Sciences 1.) For more information, call (831) 459-2833.

**HIV/AIDS pilot study research funds are available from the UCSF AIDS Clinical Research Center** (ACRC), a component of the UCSF AIDS Research Institute (ARI). These funds are provided by the Universitywide AIDS Research Program (UARP). The deadline for applications is Monday, March 1, 1999. Faculty applicants can submit studies in basic science, epidemiology, behavioral science, as well as clinical trials. Predoctoral students involved in AIDS research with faculty mentors are also eligible to apply. For further information and applications, contact Mr. Layne Ethington at (415) 476-8857 or layne@itsa.ucsf.edu.

ACRC is also seeking faculty members who would like to be included in its database of peer reviewers for the Pilot Study Program. Peer reviewers confidentially fill out a one-page form briefly addressing six categories about the merits of a proposed pilot research project (generally 10-15 pages in length) that is within their field of expertise. Each proposal is reviewed by several reviewers and is finally ranked for funding by the Dean's AIDS Advisory Committee. To receive a survey form that identfies your field(s) of expertise, contact Mr. Layne Ethington at (415) 476-8857 or layne@itsa.ucsf.edu.

**The Women's Center has produced three new resource guides** for the campus community. All of these resources are available at the UCSC Women's Center or by calling (831) 459-2291 or sending e-mail to women@cats.ucsc.edu.
* The "Women's Center Resource Guide" lists resources both on campus and off for subjects including health, self-defense, violence against women, sexual harassment, and child care.
* The second publication is a resource guide on body image and eating issues. It lists campus health, counseling, and education resources, as well as off-campus resources available locally, statewide, and nationally. It also lists useful Web sites, books, and videotapes.
* The center has also produced a "Guide to Relationship Violence Resources" that lists on- and off-campus resources, including shelters throughout California, the national domestic violence hotline, and books that can help. The guide includes a list of tips for men and friends and family.
* Finally, the center has a list of current volunteer and internship opportunities with agencies that serve women in the local community.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/01-11/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note; 01-11-99")