---
layout: post
title: Applied Sciences Building Renamed In Honor Of Jack Baskin
author: Tim Stephens
---

![\[Photo of Chancellor Greenwood and Jack Baskin\]][1] Chancellor Greenwood presented Baskin with a Tiffany leaded crystal "shooting star" as a token of appreciation for helping to "make our new Jack Baskin School of Engineering the shooting star of engineering schools," she said.

![\[Photo of group at dedication ceremony\]][2] The dedication ceremony featured a host of dignitaries: (l-r) Patrick Mantey, dean of the School of Engineering; Peggy Downes Baskin, wife of Jack Baskin and a senior lecturer in women's studies; C. Judson King, provost and senior vice president for academic affairs, UC Office of the President; Eugene Wong, assistant director for engineering, National Science Foundation; Chancellor Emeritus Karl Pister; Chancellor Greenwood; Leonard Perham, president and CEO, Integrated Device Technology; Baskin; Executive Vice Chancellor John Simpson; Carl Guardino, president and CEO, Silicon Valley Manufacturing Group; and Congressman Sam Farr.

![\[Photo of Patrick Mantey\]][3] Dean Patrick Mantey addressed the crowd at the dedication of the Baskin School of Engineering.

![\[Photo of Leonard Perham\]][4] Leonard Perham, president and CEO of Integrated Device Technology, said there are tens of thousands of jobs in Silicon Valley waiting to be filled by graduates of the engineering school. "We need these jobs filled to bring to market the products that are on our drawing boards, and beyond that we need these young people to develop their visions of future systems and technologies for the benefit of society," Perham said.

![\[Photo of Sam Farr and Jack Baskin\]][5] Congressman Sam Farr greeted Jack Baskin at the luncheon.

At the dedication of the Jack Baskin School of Engineering on June 3, Chancellor Greenwood announced the renaming of the building that houses the engineering school, formerly the Applied Sciences Building and now the Jack Baskin Engineering Building. The building is being renamed in honor of engineer and retired developer Jack Baskin, whose gifts to the School of Engineering since 1983 total nearly $7 million.

"By naming this building in honor of Jack Baskin, we wish to recognize his extraordinary generosity to the campus and his remarkable role in the growth and development of the engineering program," Greenwood said.

The Jack Baskin Engineering Building houses all the laboratories, lecture rooms, faculty offices, and student offices for the School of Engineering. Other campus programs and offices also occupy parts of the building. By 2003, however, the engineering school is expected to occupy the entire building.

Baskin is a trustee and former president of the UC Santa Cruz Foundation and has been involved with the campus for more than 25 years. He has supported numerous campus programs and activities in addition to the School of Engineering, including the Institute of Marine Sciences, Shakespeare Santa Cruz, an endowed chair in psychology, a scholarship in literature, and instruction in the arts.

In 1983, Baskin donated $1 million to help launch the computer engineering program at UCSC. The funds helped establish a computer center and endowed a chair in computer engineering. In 1997, he gave $5 million, the largest single donation in the history of the campus, to help launch the School of Engineering. This year alone Baskin gave the school an additional $400,000.

"Jack Baskin has been a driving force in the establishment of the engineering school and the rapid expansion of our programs," said Patrick Mantey, dean of the School of Engineering.

Baskin is well known for his philanthropic involvement in local nonprofit institutions. He and his distinguished wife, Peggy Downes Baskin, a UCSC senior lecturer in women's studies, live in Santa Cruz and Carmel.

[1]: http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/art/baskin2.99-06-07.jpg
[2]: http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/art/baskin3.99-06-07.jpg
[3]: http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/art/baskin4.99-06-07.jpg
[4]: http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/art/baskin5.99-06-07.jpg
[5]: http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/art/baskin6.99-06-07.jpg

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/06-07/applied.htm "Permalink to Applied Sciences Building renamed in honor of Jack Baskin; 06-07-99")
