---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**The Committee on Regents' Professors and Lecturers is soliciting nominations for 1999-2000.** The program brings distinguished men and women--ordinarily from nonacademic careers--to the university for an academic quarter or less. Nominations should originate from academic units and be reviewed by the appropriate divisional dean prior to submission. The deadline for nominations is March 1. A full description of the program and the nomination process can be found by calling Linda Mueller at (831) 459-4689.

**Carolyn Merchant, professor of environmental history, philosophy, and ethics at UC Berkeley,** and author of _The Death of Nature, Radical Ecology,_ and other books on environmental history and ecofeminism, will give a talk on Monday, January 25, from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 152, Stevenson College. Her presentation is part of the Stevenson Global Security Winter 1999 Colloquium series, titled "Thinking Green." The colloquium is open to the public. For more information, call (831) 459-2833. . . . and on February 1, **James O'Connor,** professor emeritus of sociology, will speak on the topic "Natural Causes: Ecological Marxism" at the colloquium.

**"Traveling, Mapping, and Narrating: Aboriginal, Maori, Pacific Islander, and Western Ways of Knowledge and Place-making"** is the title of a talk by David Turnbull of Deakin University in Australia on Wednesday, January 27, at noon in the Oakes Mural Room. The talk is part of the Center for Cultural Studies Winter Colloquium Series. Participants are encouraged to bring their own lunches; coffee and tea will be provided. For more information, call (831) 459-4899.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/01-25/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note: 01-25-99")
