---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Support breast cancer research.** With the April 15 tax deadline fast approaching, Dr. Cornelius L. Hopper, UC vice president for health affairs, is urging the university community to use Line 52 on the California State Income Tax Return Form 540 to make a donation to the UC-administered Breast Cancer Research Program. Those who would like to make a donation but have already filed their return may send a contribution directly to the California Breast Cancer Research Program, University of California Office of the President, 300 Lakeside Drive, 6th Floor, Oakland, CA 94612.

**The job shadow program with North Monterey County High School juniors and seniors is happening again this year on May 4.** The program gives students the opportunity to "shadow" a university staff member and learn the skills needed for that individual's work. The mentors are with the students from 10:30 a.m. to noon. For more information or to participate in this year's job shadow, contact Magdalena Garcia, chancellor's undergraduate intern with the Monterey Bay Educational Consortium, at (831) 460-3004, or via e-mail at magdacia@cats.ucsc.edu.

**_National Geographic_ technician Keith Moorehead will present original footage of the RMS _Titanic_ in 3-D** on Thursday, April 15, at College Night in the Cowell College Dining Hall. The 20-minute _National Geographic** **_film will be followed by questions and answers with Moorehead, who builds underwater equipment for the magazine and was involved in the _Titanic_ project. This film led directly to the production of the Hollywood film _Titanic,_ directed by Jim Cameron. Keith Moorehead has worked on projects at the volcanic vents off the Galapagos Islands, the _Bismarck,_ Roman shipwrecks, methane vents in the Gulf of Mexico, and the Silver Banks near the Dominican Republic, to name a few. He'll be bringing the 3-D glasses. The event is free and open to the public. The program begins at 6:45 p.m.; tickets for dinner, which begins at 6 p.m., are $5. For further information, call (831) 459-2255.

**Nominations are being accepted through May 28 for the Alumni Association's annual awards.** These are the Distinguished Teaching Award, given to a faculty member in recognition of "extraordinary dedication to teaching"; the Outstanding Staff Award, given to a UCSC staff member for sustained distinguished service "to student life, the growth and improvement of UCSC's programs, and the preservation of UCSC's unique intellectual and physical environment"; and the Alumni Achievement Award, given to a graduate whose "personal achievement has brought distinction to the university." For more information, contact the Alumni Association at (800) 933-SLUG.

**An exhibit titled "The Politics of Women's Health: Santa Cruz and Beyond"** is on display spring quarter (March 29 - June 11) in the McHenry reference area and the Science Library foyer. The exhibit features historical books on women's health, photographs, and documentation on the history of women's health issues and organizations. The exhibit at the Science Library specifically focuses on women physicians.

A reception will be held on Friday, April 23, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Science Library. Speakers will include women's health activists and representatives from the women's health care community. Refreshments will be served. For more information, contact Jacquelyn Marie at (831) 459-3255.

**There are still five spaces available in Training and Development's workshop on Supervisory Development,** which takes place April 22 and 29 and May 6, 13, and 18. The cost is $345. This series of classes is taught by Marsha Palitz-Elliott and Kathie Kenyon and covers:
Week 1: Orientation to Supervisory Roles & Responsibilities  
Week 2: Communication Skills  
Week 3: Conflict Resolution  
Week 4: Team Building  
Week 5: EEO/AA and Diversity

For more information or to enroll, contact Julie Habara at workshop@cats.ucsc.edu.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/04-12/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note; 04-12-99")
