---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

![\[Photo of UCSC students having dinner with members of the Choir Society from Biberach, Germany\]][2] UCSC students having dinner with members of the Choir Society from Biberach, Germany

**When members of the International Choir Society from Biberach, Germany, visited Santa Cruz** in May, students of the UC German-language program took time out from their busy end-of-the-quarter schedules to welcome them. UCSC students Amy Davis, Roger Merrill, Shannon Key, and Joe Guzzetta attended a dinner and reception for the international travelers and engaged them in lively (German) conversation; some then attended the choral and organ concert at Holy Cross Church that evening. The International Choir Society is a traditional boys choir made up of 50 boys and young men between the ages of 9 and 29. The group was on their first tour of California.

**This year Shakespeare Santa Cruz is presenting _Romeo and Juliet,_ _Two Gentlemen of Verona,_ and _Arms and the Man_** by George Bernard Shaw. The season runs July 15-August 29, presenting evening and matinee performances every Tuesday through Sunday. Tickets are available now and can be purchased by calling (831) 459-2159, or online at shakespearesantacruz.org. Tickets will also be available through BASS ticket outlets beginning July 1.

**UCSC alum Joel Leivick (Porter '73), senior lecturer in the Department of Art and Art History at Stanford University,** will be discussing his new book _Carrara: The Marble Quarries of Tuscany_ at Bookshop Santa Cruz on Saturday, June 12, at 7:30 p.m. The book is a collection of his black and white photographs of the marble quarries and quarry workers in and around Carrara, Tuscany. In addition to the photos, the book provides a brief outline of the region's geology and long history or marble extraction as well as a discussion of the culture of quarry work. Bookshop Santa Cruz is located at 1520 Pacific Avenue in downtown Santa Cruz. For more information, call (831) 427-1079.

**The deadline for returning Part 2 of the Business and Administrative Services' (BAS) Customer Satisfaction Survey** is Friday, June 11. All units should have received copies of this survey (which addresses Imaging, Printing, Mail and Temporary Services; Communications and Technology Services; and Financial Affairs). If your unit did *not* receive these surveys, please contact Susan Willats in the BAS Office of Planning and Analysis at (831) 459-3759, or by e-mail at willats@cats.ucsc.edu, and tell her how many surveys you need.

[2]: http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/art/germans.jpg

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/06-07/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note, 06-07-99")
