---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Support breast cancer research.** With the April 15 tax deadline fast approaching, Dr. Cornelius L. Hopper, vice president for health affairs for the University of California, is urging the university community in an e-mail open letter to use Line 52 on the California State Income Tax Return Form 540 to make a donation to the UC-administered Breast Cancer Research Program. Those who would like to make a donation but have already filed their return, may send a contribution directly to the California Breast Cancer Research Program, University of California Office of the President, 300 Lakeside Drive 6th Floor, Oakland, CA 94612.

**The UCSC University Club invites faculty and staff to a wine and hors d'oeuvres reception** at University House on April 8. The reception will take place from 4 to 6 p.m. and will feature wines from several Santa Cruz Mountain wineries and a variety of savory appetizers, including mini quiches, patés, cheeses, rolled sandwiches, and stuffed mushrooms. The cost is $9/person and reservations are required. To make reservations, call (831) 459-5271 by 5 p.m. on Tuesday, April 6. The University Club will finish its inaugural year with buffet luncheons on April 29 and May 20.

**A new Watsonville/Aptos vanpool is forming,** and TAPS is looking for drivers, backup drivers, and riders. The vanpool will operate Monday through Friday and accommodate those with a work day from 6 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. The fee is $19.50 per month, which includes four daily "A" permits per month for days when you need to drive to campus and enrollment in the emergency ride home program. For more information, call Candice at (831) 459-5495.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/04-05/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note; 04-05-99")
