---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Swim/Bike/Run at the Eighth Annual Skippy Triathlon** on Saturday, March 6, starting at 8 a.m. at the main pool at the East Field House. The cost is $15 per person, which includes a t-shirt. The event begins with a 1,000-yard swim (40 lengths), followed by a six-mile bike ride (helmets required), and concludes with a 5.2-mile cross-country run. For more information, contact Skippy in the Intramural Sports Office at (831) 459-4220 or kdgivens@cats.ucsc.edu.

**Ernest Callenbach, author of the classic environmental novel _Ecotopia_**_ _(1990), _Bring Back the Buffalo!: A Sustainable Future for America's Great Plains_ (1995), and, most recently, _Ecology : A Pocket Guide_ (1998), will give a talk titled "Ecotopia: Hope for Earth?" on Tuesday, February 23, from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 152, Stevenson College. The presentation is part of the Stevenson Global Security Winter 1999 Colloquium series, titled "Thinking Green]." The colloquium is open to the public. For more information, call (831) 459-2833.

The "Thinking Green" colloquium series continues on March 1 with a talk by **Dr. Anne Ehrlich, policy coordinator for the Center for Conservation Biology at Stanford University** and coauthor, with her husband, Paul Ehrlich, of _Betrayal of Science and Reason : How Anti-Environment Rhetoric Threatens Our Future _(1997) and _The Stork and the Plow; The Equity Answer to the Human Dilemma_ (1995). Ehrlich will give her talk, titled "The Stork and the Plow," from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 152, Stevenson College. For more information, call (831) 459-2833.

**"Sexing the Cultural Revolution"** will be the topic of a presentation by Emily Honig, professor of women's studies at UCSC, on Wednesday, February 24, from noon to 1 p.m. in the Oakes Mural Room at Oakes College. Honig is the author of _Sisters and Strangers: Women in the Shanghai Cotton Mills, 1919-1949 _(1986) and _Creating Chinese Ethnicity : Subei People in Shanghai, 1850-1980_ (1992); her current research focuses on gender and sexuality during the Chinese Cultural Revolution (1966-76). Her talk is part of the Center for Cultural Studies winter colloquium series. The sessions are informal, normally consisting of a 30 to 40 minute presentation followed by discussion. Participants are encouraged to bring their lunches, and coffee and tea will be provided. For more information, call the Center for Cultural Studies at (831) 459-4899.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/02-22/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note; 02-22-99")
