---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Reminder:** UCSC staff are invited to attend a **forum on the effect of campus growth** **on staff** on Tuesday, March 23, from 7:45 to 10 a.m. in Classroom Unit 2. Questions will be written on cards available at the event and may also be submitted prior to March 23. Send advance questions or issues to clare_greene@macmail.ucsc.edu. Please send RSVPs to lindat@cats.ucsc.edu or call (831) 459-2058.

**"Wellness at Work" is the theme of this year's Women at Work Retreat,** which will be held on Thursday and Friday, May 6 and 7, at the St. Francis Retreat Center in San Juan Bautista. All nonprobationary full-time and part-time staff in any job classification up to and including the level of PSS Grade 1 are eligible to attend. The cost is $85, which includes meals and overnight accommodation; a limited number of scholarships are available for those whose units are not able to cover the costs. Questions about eligibility can be directed to Lanett Beard at (831) 458-3506; for more information about the retreat, call Judy Page at (831) 459-3198.

**The Dickens Project recently added the University of Exeter in Devon, England,** to its membership. This extends the international dimension of the Dickens Project to include a second overseas university (the other is the Hebrew University of Jerusalem). The project now consists of faculty and graduate students from 19 universities: the eight general UC campuses, Stanford University, Tulane University, New York University, Rice University, University of Southern California, City University of New York, University of Texas, Austin, University of Iowa, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Indiana University, and Exeter University. The Dickens Project is the home of an extensive library and archive on Dickens, and it supports collaborative research and produces curricular materials for use in teaching Dickens.

**AAAS is seeking comments from the research community** on a report that will help the National Science Foundation (NSF) to determine its future involvement in advanced Internet development. NSF has asked AAAS to formulate a proposal that includes input from the scientific community. Researchers in all disciplines and at all academic levels are encouraged to review the report and offer their insight. Previously, networking infrastructure investments have been determined primarily by the network developers, not the ultimate scientific users or public beneficiaries. AAAS urges the scientific community to take advantage of this valuable opportunity and submit their comments. The preliminary proposal is located on an interactive Web site, which will be available for comment until May 1. In mid-May, AAAS will summarize the comments and come up with a final report, which will be submitted to NSF in June. For more information, contact Dave Amber at damber@aaas.org or (202) 326-6434.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/03-15/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note; 03-15-99")
