---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**UCSC Extension is hosting a Resources in Environmental Education Fair** on Saturday, February 6, at the extension's Cupertino facility as part of Environmental Education Week in Santa Clara County. The fair will provide information on local resources and environmental programs for K-12 teachers to bring into their classrooms. In conjunction with the fair, extension's Education Department is offering a course, _Environmental Connections: Past, Present, and Future, An Environmental Journey Home,_ with instructor Rumsein Ohlone Linda Yamane, artist, writer and scholar on Friday, Febuary 5th. For more information on the fair and the course on environmental connections, click on the "Events" button on extension's Web site.

**"That Which Does Not Kill Me Makes Me Stronger" **is the topic of a talk by Melanie Mayer, professor emerita of psychology, at the February 3 meeting of the UCSC Women's Club. Mayer will speak about Belinda Mulroony, an entrepreneur in the Klondike and Alaska at the turn of the century and the subject of her most recent book, exploring Mulroony's remarkable achievement of becoming a millionaire by the age of 28. The event is open to the public and will take place at University House from noon to 1 p.m. For more information, call (831) 459-2501.

**Ernest Callenbach,** author of _Ecotopia_ (1990), _Bring Back the Buffalo!: A Sustainable Future for America's Great Plains_ (1995), and, most recently, _Ecology : A Pocket Guide_ (1998), will give a talk on Monday, February 1, from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 152, Stevenson College. His presentation is part of the Stevenson Global Security Winter 1999 Colloquium series, titled "Thinking Green." The colloquium is open to the public. For more information, call (831) 459-2833.

**There is still space available in the following Training & Development workshops.** For more information or to enroll, call (831) 459-5565.
* "Dealing with Difficult People" Identify common types of behaviors and develop strategies for dealing with each. Tuesday, February 9, 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Health Center. $90
* "Effective Writing" Learn how to organize ideas, focus on the objective and write simply but persuasively. Wednesday, February 10, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., 307 Kerr Hall. $188
* "Overcoming Procrastination" Learn strategies and tips to change negative habits. Tuesday, February 23, 9 a.m. to noon, Health Center, Room 101. $50
* "Effective Analysis in Institutions of Higher Learning" Learn practical methods to improve the results of your work and increase your effectiveness. Wednesday, February 24, and Friday, February 26, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., Arboretum Conference Room. $194
* "Computer-Based Training" Try out a new method of learning--explore topics such as MS Word, Excel, NT, and networking. Thursday, February 11, 1 p.m. to 5 p.m., 247B Kerr Hall. $15 (A bargain!!)
* "Intermediate Excel" Refer to the Web site for the course description. Tuesday, February 16, and Wednesday, February 17, 1 p.m. to 4:30 p.m., 159 Kerr Hall. $75

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/02-01/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note; 02-01-99")
