---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**The annual Women's Club Garden Tour,** a benefit for re-entry women's scholarships, takes place on Sunday, April 25, from noon to 4 p.m. This year's tour includes a cottage garden in the redwoods, a restored and transformed historic garden, a school Life Lab garden, a private patio garden, and a traditional garden with an unusual topiary hedge. The tour concludes with a reception at University House from 3:30 to 5:30 p.m. Tickets are $10 and are available at Norrie's Gift Shop at the Arboretum, ID in downtown Santa Cruz, Jones and Bones in Capitola, and at each of the gardens on the day of the event. For more information or to purchase a ticket, call (831) 426-8152.

**UC mileage rate reimbursements have decreased to $.31 per mile** for use of a private car as of April 1. The new mileage rate, issued by the Office of the President, is based upon the Internal Revenue Service mileage rate reduction set out in IRS Announcement 99-7. The standard allowances for round-trip airport mileage, however, remain the same: Santa Cruz to San Jose--$23; Santa Cruz to San Francisco--$46; Santa Cruz to Oakland--$46; and Santa Cruz to Monterey--$33. The campus Post Travel form and Travel Policy located on the Web will be revised to reflect this change.

**Revisions to the UC Entertainment Policy became effective April 1.** Highlights are as follows:
* The maximum rates for entertainment have been increased to $15 for breakfast and $25 for lunch (Appendix A).
* A guest list containing the name and title, occupation, or group, must be attached to the completed UCSC Entertainment and Student Programming Reimbursement form to establish the business relationship to the University of the participants being entertained. However, it is not necessary to identify the individuals entertained by name and title for routine or standing meetings with an established participant list or where the group is so large it would be impractical to name the attendees.
* The tax considerations section has been revised to clarify that meals with business associates that are frequent and reciprocal are considered taxable income and are therefore not allowable under University policy.
* The responsibilities section has been revised to clarify the role in the approval process of department heads.

UCSC follows systemwide policy, with two exceptions: (1) UCSC uses the campus UCSC Entertainment and Student Programming Reimbursement form, and (2) UCSC policy requires original receipts regardless of the amount.

**An exhibit titled "The Politics of Women's Health: Santa Cruz and Beyond"** is on display spring quarter (March 29 - June 11) in the McHenry reference area and the Science Library foyer. The exhibit features historical books on women's health, photographs, and documentation on the history of women's health issues and organizations. The exhibit at the Science Library specifically focuses on women physicians.

A reception will be held on Friday, April 23, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Science Library. Speakers will include women's health activists and representatives from the women's health care community. Refreshments will be served. For more information, contact Jacquelyn Marie (831) 459-3255.

**Neil Brenner from the Sociology Department at New York University** will give a talk on the topic "Late Neoliberalism: Urban Governance, Uneven Development, and the Politics of Scale in the European Union" on Wednesday, April 21, at noon in the Cowell College Conference Room. The talk is part of the Center for Cultural Studies Spring Colloquium Series. Presentations begin at 12:15 and participants are encouraged to bring a lunch; coffee and tea are provided. For more information, call (831) 459-4899.

**"Interdisciplinary Formations of Asian America"** is the title of a talk by David Palumbo-Liu, associate professor of comparative literature and director of the Modern Thought and Literature Program at Stanford University, on Thursday, April 22, at 4 p.m. in the Oakes Mural Room. His talk is intended to be a wide-ranging discussion of the study of Asian America in global and local frames. Professor Palumbo-Liu's forthcoming book, "Asian/American: Historical Crossings of a Racial Frontier," traces the formation of Asian America in conjunction with modern American national identity.

**Allison Slade, who served as assistant coach this past season, has been selected as the new women's basketball coach.** Slade played basketball for UC Santa Barbara from 1988 to 1991, and she earned her undergraduate degree in kinesiology from San Jose State University. Before joining the UCSC staff, she coached high school basketball for six years, including three years at Aptos High School. "She brings outstanding knowledge of basketball, energy and enthusiasm for teaching the game, and a commitment to a successful program at UCSC," said athletic director Mark Majeski.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/04-19/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note; 04-19-99")
