---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**The UCSC Running Club** is open to students, staff, and faculty. Runners at all levels are welcome. The club meets Tuesdays at 3 p.m. at the East Field near the sand volleyball court for runs of three to five miles in length on the scenic UCSC trails and Pogonip. Contact Jeff Arnett at (831) 425-1750 or e-mail jeff_arnett@macmail.com or Kathy Ferraro kferraro@cats.ucsc.edu for more information.

**Mentors are still needed for UCSC Job Shadow Day.** North Monterey County High School juniors and seniors are coming to campus on May 4. The job shadow program gives students an opportunity to spend time with someone in a professional career and learn about the skills needed for that career and the challenges along the career path.

The job shadow is from 10:30 a.m. to noon, and mentors need to be at Stevenson Dining Hall by 10:15 a.m. to be matched with their students. Mentors are offered a free lunch at the dining hall to give them a chance to chat a while longer with the students, but lunch is not a mandatory part of the program. At least 27 more mentors are needed in order to provide every student with a one-on-one experience. For more information or to participate in this year's job shadow, contact Magdalena Garcia, chancellor's undergraduate intern with the Monterey Bay Educational Consortium, at (831) 460-3004 or via e-mail at magdacia@cats.ucsc.edu.

**Faculty and staff are invited to lunch at the interim University Club** on April 29 at University House. The buffet-style lunch includes salads, sandwiches, desserts, and beverages, and the cost is $9 per person. Reservations must be made two days in advance and may be made individually or by whole table. To make reservations or for more information, call (831) 459-5271.

**Margaret Morse, associate professor of film/video, **will give a presentation titled "Breathing Space" on Wednesday, April 28, at noon in the Oakes Mural Room. The talk is part of the Center for Cultural Studies Spring Colloquium Series. Presentations begin at 12:15 and participants are encouraged to bring a lunch; coffee and tea are provided. For more information, call (831) 459-4899.

**"Reflections on Critical Asian Studies" is the topic of a talk by Tani Barlow,** professor of women's studies at the University of Washington, on Monday, April 26, at 4 p.m. in the Oakes Mural Room. Barlow specializes in modern Chinese gender history and international feminism. For more information, call (831) 459-4899.

**"Marriage Fraud and Citizenship in U.S. Immigration Policy in the Early Twentieth Century"** is the title of a presentation by Nancy Cott, the Stanley Woodward Professor of History and American Studies at Yale University, on Monday, May 3, at 4 p.m. in the Oakes Mural Room. Cott is currently a fellow at the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences. Her many works on American women's history include _The Bonds of Womanhood: "Women's Sphere" in New England, 1780-1835; The Grounding of Modern Feminism;_ and _A Woman Making History: Mary Ritter Beard Through Her Letters._ For more information, call (831) 459-4899.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/04-26/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note: 04-26-99")
