---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Professor of history of consciousness Donna Haraway will present the lecture, "Between Nature and Culture: Cyborgs, Simians, Dogs, Genes, and Us"** as part of the 1998-99 Humanities Lecture Series, sponsored jointly by UCSC's Humanities Division and the Museum of Art and History. 7 to 8 p.m., Museum of Art and History at the McPherson Center, 705 Front St. Free. A reception follows. Call (831) 459-5742 for more information.

**Professor of women's studies Bettina Aptheker will present a reading and booksigning** in celebration of the reprinting of her book, _The Morning Breaks: The Trial of Angela Davis._ 4:30 p.m., UCSC Women's Center. Call (831) 459-2291 for more information.

![\[Grupo Folklorico Los Mejicas\]][2]**Jon Kersey,** manager of the Social Sciences Media Lab, is currently exhibiting his photos of Grupo Folkl贸rico Los Mejicas at Loudon Nelson Community Center, 301 Center Street, in downtown Santa Cruz. Grupo Folkl贸rico is a student-run troupe, founded at UCSC in 1972, dedicated to folkl贸rico dance. Kersey photographed the group during their 1997-98 season--practices, performances, and portraits.

"I hope the photographs in this show convey the work that goes on behind the scenes and Los Mejicas' dedication to folkl贸rico and to each other," said Kersey.

There will be a reception for the show on Thursday, May 6, from 5 to 7 p.m., and Los Mejicas will perform. The exhibit ends May 21.

[2]: http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/art/los_mejicas.jpg

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/05-03/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note, 05-03-99")
