---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Are you a satisfied customer?** The Division of Business and Administrative Services (BAS) has mailed one part of a two-part customer satisfaction survey to faculty and staff. The survey covers Transportation and Parking Services, University Police, Communications and Technology Services, and Mail and Temporary Services, to name a few. Survey results will guide BAS as it develops plans to improve customer service in each of its units and in the division as a whole. Completed surveys must be returned to BAS no later than Friday, February 12. BAS will mail the second part of its survey to faculty and staff sometime later this year. For more information or to request a survey, call Susan Willats at (831) 459-3759 or send e-mail to willats@cats.ucsc.edu.

**"Dead Courtesans and Live Heroines: Gender and Modernity in Twentieth-Century China"** is the title of a talk by history professor Gail Hershatter on Thursday, February 11, from 7 to 9 p.m. at the Museum of Art and History at the Macpherson Center, 705 Front Street, in downtown Santa Cruz. Hershatter is coauthor of _Dangerous Pleasures : Prostitution and Modernity in Twentieth-Century Shanghai_ (University of California Press, 1997), coauthor of _Personal Voices : Chinese Women in the 1980's_ (Stanford Univ. Press, 1988), and coeditor of _Remapping China: Fissures in Historical Terrain_ (Stanford Univ. Press, 1995). For more information on the talk, call (831) 459-5742.

**James Rubin, professor of art history and chair of the Art Department at SUNY-Stony Brook,** will give a presentation titled "Performing Nature: Gustav Courbet and Music" on Monday, February 8, at 4:30 p.m. in the Cowell College Conference Room. Rubin has written books on the 19th- century French painters Manet and Courbet. For more information, call (831) 459-4899.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/02-08/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note; 02-08-99")
