---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**See's chocolate is back (Yeah!)** along with the wonderful opportunity to support the Women at Work Retreat Scholarship Fund. If the supply of chocoolate bars falls short in your work area, contact Stacy Shaver at (831) 459-2505 or stacys@zzyx.ucsc.edu for the nearest location. If there is not a location close to you, this may be your chance to sell some chocolate and make a lot of people very happy while supporting a great cause.

**There is still space available in the following Training & Development workshops.** The deadline to enroll in these workshops is January 21. For more information or to enroll, call (831) 459-5565.
* "Basics of Writing: Grammar & Punctuation." Brush up on the use of standard American business English, grammar and punctuation skills, clarifying meaning, and variety in composition. Monday, Januay 25, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. $188.
* "Unclutter Your Desk." Learn to streamline your work day with hands-on strategies and techniques for managing paper flow and clutter. Tuesday, January 26, 9 a.m. to noon. $50.
* "Conflict Management Tools & Skills." Learn and practice the skills needed to successfully manage interpersonal conflict. Thursday, January 28, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. $90.

**Tickets for the Banff Mountain Film Festival** go on sale January 26\. The Banff Mountain Film Festival, presented by Eagle Creek Travel Gear, will be held on Saturday, February 20, from 7 to 10 p.m. and Sunday, February 21, from 6 to 8:30 p.m. in Classroom Unit 2. Two different sets of films will be shown each night. Proceeds from the festival will go to a scholarship fund for UCSC's Wilderness Orientation Program. Tickets are available at Bugaboo Mountain Sports, (831) 429-6300; Pacific Edge Climbing Gym, (831) 454-9254; Adventure Sports, (831) 458-3648; and the UCSC Box Office, (831) 459-2159. The cost is $9/general, $7/students with I.D.; a two-night ticket costs $14/general, $12/students with I.D. For more information, contact the Recreation Office at (831) 459-2806.

**Carolyn Merchant, professor of environmental history, philosophy, and ethics at UC Berkeley, **and author of _The Death of Nature, Radical Ecology,_ and other books on environmental history and ecofeminism, will give a talk on Monday, January 25, from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 152, Stevenson College. Her presentation is part of the Stevenson Global Security Winter 1999 Colloquium series, titled "Thinking Green." The colloquium is open to the public. For more information, call (831) 459-2833.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/01-18/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note; 01-18-99")
