---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Congressman Sam Farr will be on campus** to talk about the crisis in Kosovo, the Hate Crimes Prevention Act, and education funding on Friday, May 28. This will be a great opportunity for UCSC students, faculty, and staff to meet their U.S. Representative. The event will take place at 2 p.m. in the Stevenson Fireside Lounge. For more information, call Allison Endert at (831) 459-5188.

**Voting in the University of California Retirement System (UCRS) Board election begins on June 1** at 8 a.m. and ends on June 30 at midnight. The election is open only to active University of California Retirement Plan (UCRP) members who are not in the Academic Senate. Eligible voters may call the toll-free or local number listed on the telephone ballot in their election materials at their convenience, day or night, during the election period. Any eligible UCRP member who has not received a telephone ballot may obtain one by calling UC HR/Benefits Customer Service at 1-800-888-8267.

**Louis Chude-Sokei, assistant professor of literature, will give a talk** titled "The Landscape of a Zone Shared Elsewhere: Harlem and the Caribbean Imagination" on Wednesday, May 26, at 12:15 p.m. in the Oakes Mural Room. His talk will explore the significance of Harlem and its early-century renaissance in relation to West Indian migration to New York during the modernist period and the significance/impact of African American politics and literature in and on the Caribbean. The talk is the last of the Center for Cultural Studies spring colloquium series. For more information, call the center at (831) 459-4899.

**"The Prisonification of Indigenous Women"** is the title of a presentation by Luana Ross, professor of Native American Studies at UC Davis, on Friday, May 28, at 4 p.m. in the Oakes Mural Room. Ross, a member of the Salish and Kootenai tribes, will speak on Native women in the prison industrial complex. Her talk is sponsored by the Native American Studies Research Cluster.

**Politics professor Michael K. Brown will give a talk** titled "Remaking the Welfare State: The Second Round" on Monday, May 24, from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 131, Cowell College. The talk is sponsored by the Center For Global, International, and Regional Studies; for more information, call (831) 459-2833.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/05-24/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note, 05-24-99")
