---
layout: post
title: TAPS Offers A New Benefit To Campus Carpoolers
author: UCSC Currents
---

In an effort to retain current carpoolers and encourage more faculty and staff to commute to the campus together, Transportation and Parking Services (TAPS) has earmarked 14 parking spaces for use solely by carpoolers.

The spaces will be set aside as of April 1 in lots that are often crowded and that are used frequently by carpoolers. The reserved parking spaces will be available in the following areas:
* Two "A" carpool spaces in Hahn Lot 101
* Two "A" carpool spaces in Cowell/Stevenson Lot 107
* Three "A/B" carpool spaces in Natural Sciences Lot 113
* One "A" carpool space in Carriage House Lot 115
* Four "A" carpool spaces in Applied Sciences Lot 139
* Two "A" carpool spaces in the Social Sciences area (exact location to be announced)

TAPS based its decisions about the number and location of spaces to reserve on a survey of current carpoolers and on surveys of parking lot utilization rates, said TAPS marketing and development manager Kira Stoll.

"If you are a carpooler, you are encouraged to use the reserved spaces," Stoll said.

In February, TAPS surveyed current carpool permit holders to find out which parking lots they routinely use and to solicit ideas on how to improve the program. The results indicated that carefully placed reserved carpool spaces--in lots that are generally at capacity--would be an important benefit for people who are willing and able to carpool.

The reserved spaces are part of a pilot program, and TAPS will be monitoring how often the spaces are used and how effective they are for carpoolers. Based on the success of the pilot, the program may be continued, ended, or expanded. Comments and requests are encouraged; please call TAPS at (831) 459-2190.

Definition of a Carpooler:
Carpool permits require two or more UCSC affiliates working or attending classes on similar schedules, commuting together routinely, and each owning an automobile. Carpool members are issued one transferable parking permit. The cost of the carpool permit is half the cost of the "A," "B," or "C" permits; this reduced rate is split between the carpool partners. To be eligible to use the reserved carpool parking spaces, carpoolers must display a valid carpool parking permit. Carpool permits can be obtained at the TAPS Sales Office in Barn H.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/03-15/carpool.htm "Permalink to TAPS benefit for carpoolers: 03-15-99")
