---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**Local auditions for Shakespeare Santa Cruz** take place on Saturday, March 13, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Performing Arts Theater. Appointments are required and should be made by Friday, March 5. Send a photo and resume to: Casting Director, Shakespeare Santa Cruz, Performing Arts Center, UC Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, CA, 95064 or, after March 1, call and leave a message on the Audition Hotline at (831) 459-2121, option 9. Auditioners should prepare two 90-second monologues, one by Shakespeare and one by a contemporary playwright. The 1999 season runs July 17-August 29.

**Adilah Barnes (Cowell '72) will perform a shortened version** of _I Am That I Am: Woman, Black_ at Cowell College Dining Hall on Thursday, March 11. Barnes is an accomplished actress with numerous theater, film, and television roles to her credit--including five years on ABC's _Roseanne_. In her one-woman show, Barnes depicts black women of power and inspiration, revealing their characters by using their own words. The performance is free and open to the public. It takes place from 6:45 to 7:30 p.m. and will be followed by an informal question and answer session in the Cowell Fireside Lounge. Tickets for dinner (starting at 6 p.m.) may be purchased for $5 at Cowell Student Activities, (831) 459-2255 (see story about Barnes in the Winter 1999 UCSC Review).

**Host families being sought** for English Language International at UCSC Extension. March 29 - June 4, 1999 (spring session) and June 21 \- September 15 (short and long programs). Host families receive a stipend for room and board. Please call (831) 427-6638 for more information.

**UCSC Extension has also announced a new Japanese-American exchange program** beginning this spring and summer. One UCSC student will travel to Japan for three weeks, May 19 through June 12, and then a student from Fukuoka Jo Gakuin Junior College will come to UCSC to take courses during the summer term. Only women students may apply, as Fukuoka Jo Gakuin is a women's junior college. The trip to Japan includes a three-week homestay with a Japanese family, three weeks of courses in Japanese language and culture, and outings to a local spa and points of historical interest. All expenses for the UCSC student while in Japan will be paid by Fukuoka Jo Gakuin, and a small stipend to help cover airfare to Japan will be provided; the UCSC student is responsible for the rest of the airfare costs. Applications are due by March 15. For more information and an application, call Susan Retten at (831) 427-6629.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/03-01/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note; 03-01-99")
