---
layout: post
title: Take Note
author: UCSC Currents
---

**"Family Names" is the discussion topic** at a gathering in celebration of Black/African American History Month. What does your name mean? Whom are you named for? Are there stories connected with your name? Lynda Tanaka and Theikdi will talk about their names and begin the discussion on Tuesday, February 16, from 12:10 to 12:50 p.m. in Room 229, on the second floor of the Health Center. The following day, Wednesday, February 17, at the same time and the same place, Gwendolyn Morgan and other staff members will continue the discussion. For more information, contact the Diversity Education Program at (831) 459-5087 or via e-mail at gwenny@cats.ucsc.edu.

The discussion of family names will take place in conjunction with the showing of the award-winning film _Family Name,_ which documents Macky Alston's search for the origins of his family name. The first half of the film was shown last week, and the second half will be shown on Thursday and Friday, February 18 and 19, from 12:10 to 1 p.m. in Room 143, Communications Building. The film chronicles the surprising twists and turns of Alston's search for the descendants of the slaves and slave owners who lived on the plantations once owned by his family.

**Writer Brian Hall will be reading from his works** on Tuesday, February 23, in Room 327 of Kresge College starting at 7 p.m. Hall is the author of three works of nonfiction: _Madeleine's World,_ _Stealing from a Deep Place: Travels in Southeastern Europe_ and _The Impossible Country: A Journey Through the Last Days of Yugoslavia._ He has two books of fiction, _The Dreamers_ and most recently, _The Saskiad,_ which the _New York Times Book Review_ called "a multi-layered post-modernist work of exhilerating ambition and inventiveness." Sponsored by the Creative Writing Living Writers Series. For information, call (831) 459-4586.

**"Deep Ecology"**\--a video of Professors Bill Devall and George Sessions speaking at the Summer 1998 California Green and Gold Conference at UCSC--will be shown on Tuesday, February 16, from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 152, Stevenson College. The presentation is part of the Stevenson Global Security Winter 1999 Colloquium series, titled "Thinking Green." The colloquium is open to the public. For more information, call (831) 459-2833.

**Manu Goswami of the Politics Department** will speak on the topic "Rethinking Modularity: Beyond Objectivist and Subjectivist Approaches to Nationalism" on Wednesday, February 17, from 12:15 to 1 p.m. in the Silverman Lounge at Stevenson College. For more information, call the Center for Cultural Studies at (831) 459-4899.

**There is still space available in the following Training & Development workshops. **For more information or to enroll, contact Julie Habara at (831) 459-5565 or workshop@cats.ucsc.edu. For a complete listing of classes and videos, visit the Training & Development Web site. Don't let the train(ing workshop) leave without you!

* "Overcoming Procrastination"   
Set new goals that will enable you to be more productive and waste less time!   
Presented by Farol Henderson.  
Tuesday, February 23, 9 a.m. to noon.  
$50
* "Effective Analysis in Institutions of Higher Learning"   
Learn practical methods to improve the results of your work and increase your effectiveness!  
Presented by Lynda Chenowith.   
Wednesday, February 24, and Friday, February 26, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.  
$194

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/02-15/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note; 02-15-99")
