---
layout: post
title: Campus Memorial For Terrence Freitas Set For April 24
author: Jennifer McNulty
---

A memorial service for Terrence Freitas, the graduate of UC Santa Cruz  who was slain in Venezuela while working on behalf of an indigenous  group, has been scheduled for Saturday, April 24, at 1 p.m. in the Crown  College Dining Commons. The public is invited to attend the service,  which will be followed by a reception.

Freitas's parents both plan to attend the service, and his mother,  Julie, will address the gathering. Freitas, a biology and environmental  studies major who graduated in 1997, was working to preserve the culture  of the U'wa, an indigenous group in Colombia, when he and two  colleagues were kidnapped on February 25. Their bodies were found just  across the border in Venezuela a few days later. No suspects in the slayings  have been apprehended.

The memorial is being organized by Crown College, where Freitas  was a student and an active member of the community, said Imogen  Church, acting college administrative officer at Crown. "We're inviting all  of Terry's classmates from the classes of 1996 and 1997, and anyone who  knew him," said Church, who was Freitas's supervisor as well as a close  friend.

In addition to Julie Freitas, other speakers at the memorial will  include Lo Laporte, professor emeritus of earth sciences and the former  provost of Crown College, with whom Freitas redesigned the Crown core  course.

Freitas was involved with numerous campus activities, as well,  including working with the rape-prevention program and teaching  women's self-defense classes. "He did a lot for the whole campus," said  Church. "A lot of people took classes from him."

Crown College is naming its college service award after Freitas, said  Church. The award is presented each year to graduating seniors in  recognition of their contributions to the college.

An endowment in Freitas's name has been established to support  the research of undergraduate students in environmental studies.  Relatives and friends of the Freitas family have pledged $10,000 to create  the fund. Anyone interested in contributing to the fund is encouraged to  call Christina Valentino, director of development for the Division of  Social Sciences, at (831) 459-3857.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/04-12/freitas.htm "Permalink to Memorial for Terry Freitas: 04-12-99")
