---
layout: post
title: Take Note 
author: UCSC Currents
---

**A memorial is planned for Angus Taylor,** UCSC's third chancellor, who died in April after a brief illness. The memorial is scheduled for Thursday, May 27, in the UC Berkeley Faculty Club Great Hall. 

**"A Bicycle Journey Through the Island Nation of Cuba"**\--a slide presentation by Betsy Schwartz about her recent bike ride through Cuba--will be shown on Saturday, May 22, at 7:30 p.m. in Classroom Unit 1\. Learn about life in Cuba today through this informative and emotionally touching slide show. Listen to what children have to say about their Forced Work Program in the coffee, tobacco, or sugar cane fields. Betsy Schwartz is a migrant education teacher in Watsonville, a former Peace Corps volunteer, and winner of the 1995 National Global Teacher Award. The cost is $3/students, $4/general, and proceeds benefit the UCSC Adventure Outings Scholarship Fund. For more information call the Recreation Office at (831) 459-2806.

**The 1999 Worker's Compensation Training for Supervisors** will be held on Thursday, June 3, in the Cowell College Conference Room from 9 a.m. to noon. Light refreshments will be served. The class will cover university worker's compensation and supplemental benefits, such as how to process a claim and "return to work" procedures. The training is presented by the Insurance and Risk Management staff and is intended for service center personnel as well as supervisors. There is no enrollment fee; reservations, however, are REQUIRED. Please e-mail workshop@cats.ucsc.edu to sign-up. For more information, contact Risk Management at (831) 459-2850 or (831) 459-5154.

**Daniel Wirls, associate professor of politics,** will give a talk titled "The Globalization of U.S. Insecurity Policy" on May 17 from 3:30 to 4:40 p.m. in Room 131, Cowell College. The presentation is part of the Stevenson Program on Global Security spring colloquium lecture series, (831) 459-2833.

**"Revenge of the Straw Woman"** will be the title of a presentation by Jody Greene, assistant professor of literature, at 12:15 p.m. on Wednesday, May 19, in the Cowell College Conference Room. Greene teaches 18th-century British literature and gender studies, and she is currently working on a study of print culture and authorial liability from the Restoration through the end of the 18th century. Greene's talk is part of the spring colloquium series sponsored by the Center for Cultural Studies, (831) 459-4899.

[Source](http://www1.ucsc.edu/oncampus/currents/98-99/05-17/takenote.htm "Permalink to Take Note, 05-17-99")
